README.md, before:

# Rent Price Tracker

The goal of this app is track weekly movements in rent prices. 

Hypothesis: Major costal cities such as New York, Miami, and Los Angeles are experiencing downward pressure on rent prices as mainland cities such Dallas, Denver and Boulder are experiencing upwards.

## Current Results after 12+ Weeks
![Rent changes](wk15.png?raw=true)

Week 1:

As of Sunday August 30th, 2020 the average rent price of the following 10 US cities are:

    "austin-tx": 1382,
    "boulder-co": 1943,
    "chicago-il": 1868,
    "dallas-tx": 1351,
    "denver-co": 1815,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2756,
    "miami-fl": 1848,
    "newyork - ny": 2743,
    "san-francisco-ca": 3212,
    "washington-dc": 2467       

Week 2: Sept 3rd, 2020
    
    "austin-tx": 1368,
    "boulder-co": 1888,
    "chicago-il": 1882,
    "dallas-tx": 1297,
    "denver-co": 1786,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2752,
    "miami-fl": 1809,
    "newyork - ny": 2666,
    "san-francisco-ca": 3069,
    "washington-dc": 2404

Week 3: Sep 13, 2020

    "austin-tx": 1356,
    "boulder-co": 1864,
    "chicago-il": 1878,
    "dallas-tx": 1346,
    "denver-co": 1807,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2747,
    "miami-fl": 1838,
    "newyork - ny": 2474,
    "san-francisco-ca": 2945,
    "washington-dc": 2400

Week 4: Sept 20, 2020

    "austin-tx": 1363,
    "boulder-co": 1823,
    "chicago-il": 1864,
    "dallas-tx": 1352,
    "denver-co": 1820,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2742,
    "miami-fl": 1809,
    "newyork - ny": 2112,
    "san-francisco-ca": 3086,
    "washington-dc": 2396

Week 5: Sept 27, 2020

    "austin-tx": 1362,
    "boulder-co": 1842,
    "chicago-il": 1856,
    "dallas-tx": 1356,
    "denver-co": 1937,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2758,
    "miami-fl": 1865,
    "newyork - ny": 2477,
    "san-francisco-ca": 3103,
    "washington-dc": 2375
    
Week 6: Oct 5, 2020 

    "austin-tx": 1363,
    "boulder-co": 1900,
    "chicago-il": 1837,
    "dallas-tx": 1348,
    "denver-co": 1803,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2775,
    "miami-fl": 1894,
    "newyork - ny": 2491,
    "san-francisco-ca": 3007,
    "washington-dc": 2353
    
--------- 2 Week Break --------- 

Week 7: Oct 25, 2020

    "austin-tx": 1367,
    "boulder-co": 1882,
    "chicago-il": 1804,
    "dallas-tx": 1359,
    "denver-co": 1830,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2781,
    "miami-fl": 1941,
    "newyork - ny": 2557,
    "san-francisco-ca": 2861,
    "washington-dc": 2316

Week 8: Nov 2, 2020

    "austin-tx": 1358,
    "boulder-co": 1929,
    "chicago-il": 1814,
    "dallas-tx": 1348,
    "denver-co": 1830,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2794,
    "miami-fl": 1982,
    "newyork - ny": 2310,
    "san-francisco-ca": 2900,
    "washington-dc": 2316

Week 9: Nov 8, 2020

    "austin-tx": 1350,
    "boulder-co": 1916,
    "chicago-il": 1808,
    "dallas-tx": 1349,
    "denver-co": 1820,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2748,
    "miami-fl": 2015,
    "newyork - ny": 2597,
    "san-francisco-ca": 2813,
    "washington-dc": 2278

Week 10: Nov 15, 2020

    "austin-tx": 1366,
    "boulder-co": 1897,
    "chicago-il": 1788,
    "dallas-tx": 1348,
    "denver-co": 1852,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2767,
    "miami-fl": 1995,
    "newyork - ny": 2471,
    "san-francisco-ca": 2841,
    "washington-dc": 2279

--------- 1 Week Break --------- 

Week 11: Nov 29, 2020

    "austin-tx": 1376,
    "boulder-co": 1962,
    "chicago-il": 1780,
    "dallas-tx": 1352,
    "denver-co": 1833,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2835,
    "miami-fl": 2021,
    "newyork - ny": 2719,
    "san-francisco-ca": 2817,
    "washington-dc": 2270

SUCCESS! I was able to reconfigure the program to work on apartments.com new website. 

Week 12: Dec 22, 2020

    "austin-tx": 1336,
    "boulder-co": 1664,
    "chicago-il": 1495,
    "dallas-tx": 1400,
    "denver-co": 1692,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2722,
    "miami-fl": 1935,
    "newyork - ny": 2291,
    "san-francisco-ca": 2320,
    "washington-dc": 2136

Week 13: Dec 27, 2020

    "austin-tx": 1311,
    "boulder-co": 1900,
    "chicago-il": 1546,
    "dallas-tx": 1277,
    "denver-co": 1736,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2685,
    "miami-fl": 1941,
    "newyork - ny": 2339,
    "san-francisco-ca": 2335,
    "washington-dc": 2132

Week 14: Jan 3, 2021

    "austin-tx": 1335,
    "boulder-co": 1551,
    "chicago-il": 1549,
    "dallas-tx": 1436,
    "denver-co": 1651,
    "los-angeles-ca": 3041,
    "miami-fl": 1903,
    "newyork - ny": 2088,
    "san-francisco-ca": 2592,
    "washington-dc": 2103

Week 15: Jan 10, 2021

    "austin-tx": 1343,
    "boulder-co": 1834,
    "chicago-il": 1539,
    "dallas-tx": 1503,
    "denver-co": 1598,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2708,
    "miami-fl": 1790,
    "newyork - ny": 2263,
    "san-francisco-ca": 2594,
    "washington-dc": 1996

Week 16: Feb 28, 2021

    "austin-tx": 1314,
    "boulder-co": 1790,
    "chicago-il": 1655,
    "dallas-tx": 1419,
    "denver-co": 1661,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2723,
    "miami-fl": 1665,
    "newyork - ny": 2277,
    "san-francisco-ca": 2758,
    "washington-dc": 2174

This data was scraped from apartments.com 

TODO: A website which displays the weekly changes in rent prices. 

Scraping and data reformating done using python3
Data aggregation was done using c++11

Commit message:

read me with instructions to run project

README.md, after:

# Rent Price Tracker

## Instructions to run on your own

I recommend creating a virtualenv for this git clone:

1. Clone git repo
2. pip3 install -r requirements.txt 
3. python3 main.py 
ALL DONE!

The goal of this app is track weekly movements in rent prices. 

Hypothesis: Major costal cities such as New York, Miami, and Los Angeles are experiencing downward pressure on rent prices as mainland cities such Dallas, Denver and Boulder are experiencing upwards.

## Current Results after 12+ Weeks
![Rent changes](wk15.png?raw=true)

Week 1:

As of Sunday August 30th, 2020 the average rent price of the following 10 US cities are:

    "austin-tx": 1382,
    "boulder-co": 1943,
    "chicago-il": 1868,
    "dallas-tx": 1351,
    "denver-co": 1815,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2756,
    "miami-fl": 1848,
    "newyork - ny": 2743,
    "san-francisco-ca": 3212,
    "washington-dc": 2467       

Week 2: Sept 3rd, 2020
    
    "austin-tx": 1368,
    "boulder-co": 1888,
    "chicago-il": 1882,
    "dallas-tx": 1297,
    "denver-co": 1786,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2752,
    "miami-fl": 1809,
    "newyork - ny": 2666,
    "san-francisco-ca": 3069,
    "washington-dc": 2404

Week 3: Sep 13, 2020

    "austin-tx": 1356,
    "boulder-co": 1864,
    "chicago-il": 1878,
    "dallas-tx": 1346,
    "denver-co": 1807,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2747,
    "miami-fl": 1838,
    "newyork - ny": 2474,
    "san-francisco-ca": 2945,
    "washington-dc": 2400

Week 4: Sept 20, 2020

    "austin-tx": 1363,
    "boulder-co": 1823,
    "chicago-il": 1864,
    "dallas-tx": 1352,
    "denver-co": 1820,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2742,
    "miami-fl": 1809,
    "newyork - ny": 2112,
    "san-francisco-ca": 3086,
    "washington-dc": 2396

Week 5: Sept 27, 2020

    "austin-tx": 1362,
    "boulder-co": 1842,
    "chicago-il": 1856,
    "dallas-tx": 1356,
    "denver-co": 1937,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2758,
    "miami-fl": 1865,
    "newyork - ny": 2477,
    "san-francisco-ca": 3103,
    "washington-dc": 2375
    
Week 6: Oct 5, 2020 

    "austin-tx": 1363,
    "boulder-co": 1900,
    "chicago-il": 1837,
    "dallas-tx": 1348,
    "denver-co": 1803,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2775,
    "miami-fl": 1894,
    "newyork - ny": 2491,
    "san-francisco-ca": 3007,
    "washington-dc": 2353
    
--------- 2 Week Break --------- 

Week 7: Oct 25, 2020

    "austin-tx": 1367,
    "boulder-co": 1882,
    "chicago-il": 1804,
    "dallas-tx": 1359,
    "denver-co": 1830,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2781,
    "miami-fl": 1941,
    "newyork - ny": 2557,
    "san-francisco-ca": 2861,
    "washington-dc": 2316

Week 8: Nov 2, 2020

    "austin-tx": 1358,
    "boulder-co": 1929,
    "chicago-il": 1814,
    "dallas-tx": 1348,
    "denver-co": 1830,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2794,
    "miami-fl": 1982,
    "newyork - ny": 2310,
    "san-francisco-ca": 2900,
    "washington-dc": 2316

Week 9: Nov 8, 2020

    "austin-tx": 1350,
    "boulder-co": 1916,
    "chicago-il": 1808,
    "dallas-tx": 1349,
    "denver-co": 1820,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2748,
    "miami-fl": 2015,
    "newyork - ny": 2597,
    "san-francisco-ca": 2813,
    "washington-dc": 2278

Week 10: Nov 15, 2020

    "austin-tx": 1366,
    "boulder-co": 1897,
    "chicago-il": 1788,
    "dallas-tx": 1348,
    "denver-co": 1852,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2767,
    "miami-fl": 1995,
    "newyork - ny": 2471,
    "san-francisco-ca": 2841,
    "washington-dc": 2279

--------- 1 Week Break --------- 

Week 11: Nov 29, 2020

    "austin-tx": 1376,
    "boulder-co": 1962,
    "chicago-il": 1780,
    "dallas-tx": 1352,
    "denver-co": 1833,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2835,
    "miami-fl": 2021,
    "newyork - ny": 2719,
    "san-francisco-ca": 2817,
    "washington-dc": 2270

SUCCESS! I was able to reconfigure the program to work on apartments.com new website. 

Week 12: Dec 22, 2020

    "austin-tx": 1336,
    "boulder-co": 1664,
    "chicago-il": 1495,
    "dallas-tx": 1400,
    "denver-co": 1692,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2722,
    "miami-fl": 1935,
    "newyork - ny": 2291,
    "san-francisco-ca": 2320,
    "washington-dc": 2136

Week 13: Dec 27, 2020

    "austin-tx": 1311,
    "boulder-co": 1900,
    "chicago-il": 1546,
    "dallas-tx": 1277,
    "denver-co": 1736,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2685,
    "miami-fl": 1941,
    "newyork - ny": 2339,
    "san-francisco-ca": 2335,
    "washington-dc": 2132

Week 14: Jan 3, 2021

    "austin-tx": 1335,
    "boulder-co": 1551,
    "chicago-il": 1549,
    "dallas-tx": 1436,
    "denver-co": 1651,
    "los-angeles-ca": 3041,
    "miami-fl": 1903,
    "newyork - ny": 2088,
    "san-francisco-ca": 2592,
    "washington-dc": 2103

Week 15: Jan 10, 2021

    "austin-tx": 1343,
    "boulder-co": 1834,
    "chicago-il": 1539,
    "dallas-tx": 1503,
    "denver-co": 1598,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2708,
    "miami-fl": 1790,
    "newyork - ny": 2263,
    "san-francisco-ca": 2594,
    "washington-dc": 1996

Week 16: Feb 28, 2021

    "austin-tx": 1314,
    "boulder-co": 1790,
    "chicago-il": 1655,
    "dallas-tx": 1419,
    "denver-co": 1661,
    "los-angeles-ca": 2723,
    "miami-fl": 1665,
    "newyork - ny": 2277,
    "san-francisco-ca": 2758,
    "washington-dc": 2174

This data was scraped from apartments.com 

TODO: A website which displays the weekly changes in rent prices. 

Scraping and data reformating done using python3
Data aggregation was done using c++11
